en: add some notices about connectivity (#367)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-binary.md

Based on this scenario, the following sections describe how to deploy the DM cluster.

> **Note:**
>

> > - You need to make sure that the ports among the following components can be properly connected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Make sure that the ports among the following components are interconnected:
```

> >     - The `8291` ports among the DM-master nodes can connect with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - The `8291` ports among the DM-master nodes are interconnected.
```

> >     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `8262` port of all DM-worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `8262` ports of all DM-worker nodes.
```

> >     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `8261` port of all DM-worker nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     - Each DM-worker node can connect to the `8261` port of all DM-master nodes.
```

> >     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `8261` port of all DM-worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - Each DM-worker node can connect to the `8261` ports of all DM-master nodes.
```
